---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
publishedAt: '2023-08-10'
---

## No Data Collection

Ctrl-F Plus does not collect, store, use, or share any data about you or your usage of the extension. The extension operates entirely locally on your device and does not communicate with any external servers for the purpose of transmitting personal data.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Local Storage of Data

Ctrl-F Plus utilizes Chrome's local storage capability to store data. This means that any data saved by the extension is stored directly on your device and not on any external servers or databases. This data remains on your device and is not transmitted or shared with any external parties. It's solely used to enhance your experience with the extension by retaining settings, preferences, or any other functionality that requires data persistence across sessions.

Please note that if you uninstall the extension or clear your browser's local storage, this locally stored data may be deleted.

## Analytics on Our Website

While the Ctrl-F Plus extension does not collect or transmit any personal data, our website may use analytics services such as Google Analytics and/or Vercel Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. These analytics services use "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to the respective analytics provider. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for us.

We will never use these analytics services to track or to collect any personally identifiable information. The analytics providers will not associate your IP address with any other data they hold. Neither we nor the analytics providers will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the [Google Privacy & Terms](https://policies.google.com/) web page. If we use Vercel Analytics, you can learn more about their privacy practices on the [Vercel Privacy & Compliance](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/analytics/privacy-policy) web page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: [support@ctrl-f.plus](mailto:support@ctrl-f.plus)
